Community Guidelines
Our mission of transparency breaks down professional barriers - creating informed decisions, public feedback, and outcome-driven conversations.

Flick expects the community to respect our rules, each other, and the employee-employer compact. We understand that to foster a diverse, truthful, and transparent space, we must be able to express ourselves freely — regardless of where we work, what we do, or how much money we make.

Flick is a self-moderating community. However, our community team may take action if people disrespect each other, act in a non-professional manner, provoke others, practice toxic behavior, or engage in bad faith.

Flick is for real people, real conversations, and real change. To ensure our impact is good and never harmful, and to create a space where everyone can openly share their thoughts -- here are our community guidelines:



Be Yourself. Be Supportive. Be Responsible.

Our community depends on quality, authentic, and responsible membership.

If you see a discussion thread, post, or comment that may violate these community guidelines, please flag it for review. If you see another member abusing you or others, take action: Flag the conversation for review. We use these signals, in addition to our content algorithms, to keep Flick a safe space for real conversations about work.

Rules violations may result in action against your account.

Our community guidelines help establish norms and positive behavior, and create a safe space for authentic and open conversation.

We may take action as a result of negative community activity, rule-violating content, or in response to community feedback or analysis. Actions vary depending on the severity, perceived impact, and frequency of behavior. Repeated incidents and reports may result in disciplinary action(s) or termination of your account.

Be yourself:
Are you honest, factual, and representative of your own experience(s) or perspective(s)? Or are you manufacturing or manipulating a reality?

Impersonation
Do not impersonate another employee, employer or user through username, explicit terms, inference, or content that misleads or misrepresents your identity.

Employment Status
Do not misrepresent, share, or access company-specific channels where you are no longer employed, or where you are not a verifiable member. Do not solicit company-specific channel access as an unauthorized user.

Authenticity
Do not attempt to mislead, lie, or falsify information not known to you in first-person or with first-hand experience. Do not engage in creating, spreading, or amplifying content that is not true, or for the sole purpose of driving impressions and views.

Spam or Selling
Do not SPAM our community. Do not artificially create accounts for commercial purposes, or access our community to solicit or sell products or services.

Be supportive:
Are you tackling tough issues to support others with considered words and behavior? Or is your intent to embarrass, harm, or degrade?

Bullying or Harassment
Don’t be mean. Do not use Flick for malicious harassment or threats. Posts that inflame conversations, target others, or are created with the purpose of attacking or bullying others will be removed.

*Harassment may include: Words, gestures, or actions which tend to annoy, alarm, abuse, demean, intimidate, belittle, humiliate, or embarrass another or which create an intimidating, hostile, or offensive environment.

Discrimination or Hate Speech
Don’t be elitist. Do not engage in hate speech or discriminatory practices. Do not use slang, slurs, acronyms, images, or other targeted content for divisive purposes.

*Hate speech may include: Communication, writing, or behavior that attacks or uses pejorative or discriminatory language referencing a person or a group based on who they are, such as religion, ethnicity, nationality, race, color, descent, gender, or other identity factors.

Trolling
Do not repeatedly or intentionally provoke employees or employers with unsolicited content designed to elicit a negative emotional response. Do not “hijack” or attempt to derail an existing conversation with targeted comments designed to degrade or demoralize.

Be responsible:
Are you using Flick to achieve positive outcomes and change in your industry or company? Or are you seeking to manipulate, profit, or scam the community?

Company Secrets
Do not share business secrets; sensitive information of commercial value and not otherwise available to the public, that provides your company with a competitive edge. Our goal is to foster open conversation without threatening the legitimate business purposes of the companies in which you work.

Inappropriate Content
Do not participate in any actions or behaviors that are illegal in your local jurisdiction. Do not break any international, country, county or local laws. Do not create or share NSFW (not-safe-for-work) content or pornography. Do not make unwarranted advances.

Personally Identifiable Information
Do not disclose or share personally identifiable information linked to yourself or other Flick community members. Personally identifiable information can vary, but is used to intentionally de-anonymize, reference, or target individuals on Flick. Do not name or expose individuals - regardless of positive / negative intent.

Topic Relevance
Do not post off-topic content, comments, or links in non-relevant channels. Accidents happen, but community channels, threads, and interest-based areas are intended for members to follow and engage in the conversation easily.

Flick’s Rights
Do not subvert, hack, scrape, engineer, or otherwise attack Flick’s products or employees. Do not engage in any unlawful activity on Flick. Do not place Flick in jeopardy for any content or any failure to comply with our rules. Do not break our Terms of Service.

