This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by our application downloadable from Google PlayStore and Apple Appstore.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to: 

Third party’s websites, applications, content, or landing pages (“Third Party Content”), that you may access through Flick,
Your interaction with Third Party Content; 
Information that you provide to or that is collected by any third party (Third-Party Data”). Third Party’s respective privacy policies govern their collection and use of your information  may be available on the settings page of your smart device. Any questions or requests relating to Third-Party Data should be directed to the relevant third party.
We are the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. For information on how to contact us, please refer to “Contact Us” below.

How do we use your data?
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below.

Provide our services
We use your information to fulfil our contract with you and provide you with our Services and perform our contract with you, such as:

Managing your information and accounts, Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, content, and features of our Services;
Tailoring our content: We may use information we collect to tailor our services (such as posts on your feed) for you. Such decisions may be taken by automated algorithms. We do tailor our content basis your caste, creed, sex, race or community. 
Answering requests for customer or technical support
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, application updates/upgrades as applicable, and policy changes;
Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for events
Administrative
We use your information in our legitimate interest, such as:

Network and information security and fraud prevention, Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Market & user research, Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Product or service- development (including new products), upgrades and enhancements
Ensuring internal quality control and safety; Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this policy;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities;
Sharing information with third parties as needed to provide the Services;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Other uses as required to comply with our legal obligations.
Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services
We may use our data

To tailor and provide you with content and advertisements
To improve our marketing and advertising efforts
In our advertisements
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and "interest-based" or "personalised advertising," including through cross-device tracking.
With your Consent
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. 